Add carousel indicators template and animations (#6110)
IgniteUI/igniteui-angular: CHANGELOG.md

- `IgxGrid`, `IgxTreeGrid`, `IgxHierarchicalGrid`
    - **Behavioral Change** - Pinning columns is no longer automatically prevented when the pinning area would exceed the size of the grid.
- `IgxCarousel`:
    - **Breaking Changes** -The carousel slides are no longer array, they are changed to QueryList.

>     - **Breaking Changes** -There is a limitation for visible indicators. When slides are more than 5, a label is previewed instead of indicators. The visible indicators can be changed with the input `maximumIndicatorsCount`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Behavioural change** - When slides are more than 5, a label is shown instead of the indicators. The count limit of visible indicators can be changed with the input `maximumIndicatorsCount`
```
